Update page metadata - Final PR (#1841)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/admin/index.html.md

---
layout: "enterprise"
page_title: "Administration - Terraform Enterprise"
description: |-

>   Find documentation about the two types of Terraform Enterprise administration: Infrastructure and Application.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn how to administer the Terraform Enterprise application itself, and the infrastructure that it runs on.   
```
